What Actually Happened to Danny Koker From Counting Cars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXt85AQR1pM
[Music]
if you're a fan of car shows you've
probably come across Danny Coker the
charismatic host of the hit series
Counting Cars for years he's been
captivating audiences with his knack for
turning beat up Classics and old cars
into oneof a kind
Treasures with his popular TV show
Counting Cars viewers got a behind the
scenes look at his shop Count's Customs
where all the magic happened Shan
in bring out that beautiful chop but
then unexpectedly he left the show what
really went down join us as we explore
what actually happened to Danny Coker
from Counting
Cars the Journey of Danny Koka from Cars
to fame Danny Koka born Daniel Nicholas
koker's second Ed the world on January
5th 1964 in Cleveland Ohio growing up in
Cleveland he lived with his parents and
Sister Kim during his youth his family
acquired channel 33 providing him with
opportunities to host series like
Saturday fright at the movies Danny was
probably first exposed to cool cars and
how they operated when his father and
other family members friends and
relatives worked for Ford Motor Company
like many of us Dany learned the
fundamentals of auto repair through DIY
and making minimal repairs he discovered
his love for working on Vehicles driving
and admiring them during this time
little did he know then that this hobby
would be the basis for a successful
television career another one of Danny's
Great loves is music which he inherited
from his dad Danny Koker senior Danny
found out he had a gift for singing when
he was young and joined his family band
Danny's popularity did not rise until
his first onscreen appearance in porn
stars a television series that revolves
around Rick Harrison and his
family-owned shop on the Las Vegas Strip
since then Danny has been in series such
as the eagle has landed and counts 77 he
owns and operates counts Customs a
custom shop that produces some of the
sickest restor mods however Danny Coker
and counts custom faced legal issues in
2017 when they filed a lawsuit against a
former employee of counts custom Joseph
frontiera alleging that he had embezzled
$75,000 from the company for personal
use but that's not the reason why Danny
Coker left Counting Cars a collector's
passion Danny Coker is well known for
his incredible collection of automobiles
and motorcycles in a chat with
Christopher Lawrence of the review
journal Danny revealed that he has 58
cars and around 70 motorcycles among the
gems in his garage are Classics like the
1962 Volkswagen kman gear a Sleek 1965
Cadillac Fleetwood broom a 1970 Coronet
a stylish 1973 Buick Riviera a classic
1979 Chevrolet Camaro Z28 and a stunning
1972 Chevrolet Monte Carlo but wait
there's more Dany has his sight set on
some dream cars too with the elusive
1972 Lamborghini meura SV at the top of
his list money isn't a problem for Dany
but finding this rare gem is another
story as of 2019 Danny's Car count had
soared over a 100 making his collection
exceptional among the highlights are the
Jo four dropping 1966 AC Cobra valued at
approximately $2 million today and a
Sentimental 1966 Mustang GT 350 a gift
from his dad that sparked his lifelong
passion for cars when asked about his
obsession with collecting Vehicles Dany
jokingly admits to the Globe and Mail
I'm addicted I suppose I need an
intervention I need help with an
assortment ranging from high performance
Exotics to Classic sports cars and Hot
Rods it's clear that Danny's love for
cars knows no bounds however Beyond his
impressive collection and his immense
love for cars fans were left wondering
about what actually happened to Danny
Coker from Counting Cars self-taught
mechanic Danny koker's journey into the
world of automobiles began in his
teenage years when he acquired a beat up
car his passion for car maintenance
nurtured since youth laid the foundation
for the success of Count's Customs this
success opened doors for him to appear
on popular shows like porn star stars
and American Restoration both airing on
the History Channel as well as his own
spin-off counting cars with 10 seasons
Counting Cars was a massive hit for the
network and it was clear that Koka was
passionate about every automobile that
appeared in the show with Count's
Customs having the reputation of being
one of the most well-known car
customization and restoration businesses
in the field one would assume Dany would
have received considerable mechanical
training and education contrary to
popular belief in an interview with
American profile Danny Koker revealed
that his formal education was limited to
high school where he primarily focused
on standard shop and Automotive class
aside from that it was as simple as
getting your hands dirty disassembling
things to discover how they work with
the next step being to figure out how to
put them back together given that Danny
Coker is essentially self-taught in
automotive customization and restoration
it is evident how much effort and
commitment he has put into his trade
Koker is a highly proud self-made man
and count Customs success is an
authentic tribute fans will believe that
Danny Coker can restore anything and
many will assume he could accomplish it
with his eyes closed a fan questioned
him about the one vehicle he could not
rebuild Koka remembered seeing an early
to mid 1960s Ford ranero at an auction
Koka purchased it because it was
inexpensive and he believed it would be
fun to fix up however to his dismay Koka
discovered that the ranero was not as
valuable or entertaining to fix and
returned the vehicle to counts Customs
it was discovered during the examination
that the automobile was completely
composed of rust and was in terrible
condition Koka said that everything
could be restored and if he had a
billion dollars in an old Ford Falcon
ranero he could have fixed it however
the car would have likely been useless
even if he had taken that action never
want to pass up an opportunity Koka
converted the vehicle into a Ford ranero
pool table at a Las Vegas hotel rather
than into a drivable automobile Danny
Coker developed an early addiction to
motorcycles and Autos but his first car
a 1979 Camaro Z28 set him on the path of
restoration and personalization even
though the Camaro was kok's first
vehicle he decided to disassemble the
entire car and personalize it from front
to rear Koka converted the Camaro into a
street racing Can-Am vehicle Nostalgia
be damned Koker who doesn't want to
discard memories entirely still owns the
car displayed with pride in coun Customs
the Camaro needs another restoration
because Koka hasn't modified it in a
long time and it has been sitting in the
shop for years Danny coka must have a
special place in his heart for the 1979
Camaro Z28 to remain in his extensive
collection even after all these years
Danny started counts Customs as a hobby
Danny started counts custom as a fun
project but it quickly grew into one of
the top modification shops in the
country at the shop they do everything
from upholstery to paint jobs and even
frame buildups big names like Matrix
Dakota Digital classic instruments and
the Flaming River sponsor the shop
showing how respected it is in the
industry in interviews Dany the leader
of Count's 77 team proudly mentions his
dedicated staff of about 45 who work
tirelessly to create Innovative projects
the popular TV series Counting Cars over
a decade before Counting Cars Danny
Coker made a name for himself at his
Custom Shop counts Customs by performing
Miracle makeovers on Old unloved cars
with his store in Nevada he began to
create a reputation for himself in the
sector before Counting Cars in several
porn stars episodes Rick would consult
Dany as his local expert when valuing
some of the Fantastic old muscle
vehicles that would come into the shop
Danny's partnership with porn stars lead
singer Rick Harrison may have been one
of his most profitable businesses in
2012 The History Channel decided to
start a spin-off show called Counting
cars in which the cameras would
accompany Dany As He restored and
rebuilt various interesting cars from
forgotten eras the show was a big hit
lasting 10 seasons Counting Cars
premiered in 2012 and has been one of
the History Channel's most successful
shows with 10 seasons celebrity guests
including rock singer Alice Cooper were
on the show Danny Coker took over as the
show's executive producer in 2014 apart
from the series Counting Cars Dany also
created the counts 7 7 band counts 77 a
Las vegas-based Hard Rock Band released
their debut album with shrapnel records
on April 29th 2014 the twin guitar duo
of John Zito and Stony Curtis the latter
of whom has an extensive following as a
recording and touring Blues musician are
the driving force behind counts 77 which
has its roots in 1970s hard rock with
musical Roots ranging from Thin Lizzy to
fog hat the alond brothers and Leed
Zeppelin counts 77 with was positioned
to be a leader in the New Classic Rock
Renaissance with a sound evocative of
one of the greatest musical eras of all
time Koka count 77s Dynamic frontman was
singing long before he rose to
International Fame he splits his time
between his passion for music and his
Automotive love count 77 has performed
for thousands at motorcycle rallies and
large-scale business events it is
quickly gaining exposure and being
requested to headline performances in
Colorado Texas Mississippi Chicago and
other places over the years the Count's
77 musicians have appeared on several TV
shows counting cars provided Koka with a
platform that put him in front of
millions of viewers each week and
allowed the band to be featured on the
show with admirers across the United
States Canada South Africa and Europe
including the United Kingdom Poland
Romania Spain Germany Japan Israel and
South America counts 77s fan base is
expanding into new areas his TV debut at
the beginning of count Counting Cars was
his most memorable appearance the
program has a broad audience in 160
Nations including India in the first
episode Richard Harrison a friend from
porn star visited him and gave him a
1968 Mustang Fastback to work on aside
from appearing in porn star in his own
show Danny Koker has appeared in a few
of the programs such as the weekend in
Vegas American Restoration all you need
to know SEMA and Chris Angel Mind Freak
but these guest appearances were also
not the reason behind Danny's departure
from Counting Cars the counting car crew
taking up TV with a creative crew was
far from being a walk in the park to
make Counting Cars realistic and a
favorite of car lovers Koka had the help
of what many regarded as a
multi-talented crew the most popular of
his crew members is Danny's longtime
best friend and supporter Kevin Mack
since the early years of the series
Danny and Kevin have been as tight as a
knot they are usually together on
extended trips invested in finding
potential cars that can be flipped into
incredible designs over the years Kevin
has served as a backbone for Dany and
the show by extension Kevin has always
been on the lookout for whatever Danny
missed in a rush or when he made poor
judgment calls ensuring that the final
product met their high standards of
quality and craftsmanship when the show
needed someone to step up for some
intense tasks Kevin has always been the
go-to guy it does not hurt that he also
got to test drive many of the new
inventions as well as the cars they
would buy from strangers overall what
many would regard as his primary
responsibilities are funding planning
and budgeting before they became a risk
to take Kevin ran and approved all
increased expenses and material prices
another vital part of the team was the
muscle behind the Reconstruction of
several of the unique inventions that
went on in the workshop Shannon IA
worked as the lead Builder and manager
of the bike shop at counts Customs the
gentle Giants artwork and craftsmanship
have left many viewers envious of his
skills some of the most mindblowing
designs and installations suggested and
worked on by Shannon served as the
needed push for the vehicles required to
be outstanding inventions if you were a
seasoned audience member of Counting
Cars you would know that Shannon's
artistic streak was not limited to the
workshop alone he also served his
friends gourmet meals and hosted a
cookout for the CC crew Ryan evans's
calm and warm Persona endeared him to
fans as one of counting car's most
beloved crew members alongside his
partner Mike Henry he served as the
team's airbrush stylist contributing to
the vibrant colors and intricate
patterns adorning the vehicles renowned
as a master graphic artist Ryan took the
helm as the Shop's lead painter joining
the team based on Shannon's glowing
recommendations to Dany in most episodes
fans were curious and excited about
Ryan's latest vehicle of focus and his
rebranding of colors which made even an
artist's jaw drop with Horny Mike's
ideas and curiosity to to explore as
much as he wanted with colors and
designs and Ryan's ability to present
them to Perfection the team hardly
lacked creativity of any kind Mike's
combination of color and rebranding of
cars has led to several successful sales
and the invention of eye-catching yet
durable Vehicles counts Customs
functioned fully because of the
behindthescenes team members who ensured
that the operation ran as smoothly as
possible Scott Jones played a pivotal
role as the manager maintaining balance
by overseeing bookkeeping and Financial
records for the team his direct and
business-like approach ensured adherence
to original plans while also supervising
profits and losses keeping the team on
track occasionally Scott and Dany found
themselves in heated debates over budget
priorities and tradeoffs to ensure
profitability however fans only
witnessed these exchanges for two
seasons before Scott's departure from
the series following the birth of his
son speculation arose among fans
regarding Scott's absence with some UNF
Ed rumors suggesting he was fired for
embezzlement a claim that was later
debunked if you've ever wondered how the
cars end up having very lovely angles
and sparkling bodies well it has been
all due to the work of the team's
detailer Roy Sabo who specialized in
cleaning and polishing count Customs
Vehicles fans primarily knew roelly for
his thick Hungarian Accent on the
American show and his memorable prank of
attempting to burn out in a small
electric car which both amused and
terrified fans his sudden departure from
the show before the seventh season was
unexpected and unexplained many
unanswered questions linger regarding
ry's departure from Counting Cars
according to rumors he became weary of
being in the spotlight as a result of a
theft of his equipment worth thousands
of dollars this unexpected attention
likely proved frustrating for someone
unaccustomed to it other rumors suggest
he left Count's shop on bad terms but
roelly has yet to provide a definitive
explanation this lack of clarity has led
some to spec ulate that he may have been
fired nevertheless Ry has evidently made
a significant change in his life in
Nevada and seems to be doing well for
himself by running a successful
detailing business the most notable
Restorations by Danny cokers Dany and
his group of skilled technicians and
bespoke car builders have worked on some
fantastic cars over the years these are
only a handful of the more noteworthy
car builds out of hundreds that have
been cized throughout all 10 seasons
Rick Harrison of porn stars name also
brought in this Vintage Mustang Fastback
to be featured in the first episode of
Counting Cars when Danny received it it
was rough but Rick insisted that he
wanted it made into a lowbudget bullet
tribute after Dany and his crew worked
their magic on the vehicle around 180
episodes were produced indicating that
the fans were pleased though it differs
slightly from the team's typical muscle
cars this dune buggy was completed
excellently it was agreed on a custom
paint job with various shades of blue
and the rear lights were lifted from a
Vintage Mustang to give it that special
counts Customs touch this vintage
Volkswagen is also one of the counts
more subdued constructions but it's
nonetheless one of the team's most
unique difficulties because the car was
intended as a gift for a crew member's
wife every crew member put their all
into creating an Exquisite work of art
for her with its glossy Crimson finish
and vintage chrome wheels this common
gear exudes A Trophy winning appearance
although the 1950s chevr gasa was
unusually great Dany and his crew outdid
themselves with its renovation after a
fantastic pinstripe paint job a big
block V8 engine was added under the hood
to give the car some bite to go with the
bark undoubtedly this one is one of the
most fantastic Creations from Counting
Cars another favorite with fans glued to
their screens was creating an all-time
classic vehicle Sparkles 2 fondly known
as the dune buggy what was different
about this car was the unexpected yet a
astonishing outcome which was different
from what fans had in mind compared to
the usual muscle cars the team had
reinvented this car albeit custommade
had the semblance of a Mustang with its
rear lights however its unique blue
paint and body design can only belong to
the category of works in the count
Customs the drama and the lawsuit
Count's Customs led by the energetic
Danny Coker enjoyed the spotlight with
their popular TV show Counting Cars
however the Shop's Journey hit a bump in
2014 when they faced a lawsuit from a
determined couple Janette and Paul they
had handed over their beloved 1967 Ford
Mustang to Count's Customs hoping to see
it transformed on the show however their
excitement turned to disappointment when
they discovered no work had been done
feeling betrayed they demanded a refund
but it never came left with no choice
they took the matter to court accusing
the Count's Customs of Deceit the
courtroom became a Battleground as
accusations flew Janette and Paul sought
Justice for their Mustang while the
world watched to see if Count's Customs
would prove their innocence it was
critical for Danny Coker and his team to
test their reputation and honesty in
2017 a shadow fell over the close-knit
family at Count's Customs as they were
entangled in another lawsuit this time
the focus was on a former employee named
Joseph frontiera once highly regarded
Joseph stood accused of serious
wrongdoing the accusations were shocking
claiming he had stolen money from the
company that had supported him it was as
if Joseph had betrayed their trust
sneaking away with funds meant for the
business instead of using the money for
growth he allegedly spent it on personal
luxuries like a fancy car and trips
abroad but that wasn't all the lawsuit
also accused him of neglecting the
company's tax responsibilities leading
to trouble with the IRS This legal
battle put the shop in big trouble what
actually happened to Danny Coker when
Danny Koker pleaded no guilty to a
misdemeanor charge in 2021 for illegally
stealing a 2008 Cadillac Escalade from a
tow yard he was sentenced to 3 years of
probation this happened in November of
2019 after an automobile accident when
the owner owing to financial
difficulties abandoned the vehicle at
the tow yard because the owner was
having trouble getting the car back they
gave the tow yard permission to sell it
but the owner's friend Danny stepped in
and arranged to have the Cadillac towed
to his repair business so he could fix
it and give it back Danny broke the law
in the Vada by taking a car out of a tow
yard without the owner's permission or a
warrant Dany reached a plea agreement
with prosecutors which resulted in a
reduced misdemeanor conviction after
initially facing grand Lassen Auto
charges a felony carrying a possible
jail sentence of 10 years Dany had to do
80 hours of community service and pay
the tow yard
$25,000 that was the deal during his
probationary term he was also prohibited
from owning or carrying guns
in addition in 2018 another legal battle
with two former employees started Coker
alleged that they had embezzled funds
from Count's vamped Rock Bar and Grill
claiming to have stolen from the bars
safe tampered with financial documents
and transferred money to their personal
accounts the complaint demanded
$376,000 in Damages the case escalated
into a criminal inquiry which resulted
in the search and seizure of the
residences of the departing workers the
two departing workers were apprehended
and returned to Nevada in December 2019
after their arrest for embezzlement and
theft Danny Coker was arrested in March
2020 after police found evidence linking
him to the Cadillac incident during
their investigation Danny was originally
facing a criminal charge but his
attorney successfully proved that his
client was acting in good faith by
assisting a buddy in need resulting in a
reduced charge and a probationary term
the legal issues that Danny Koker has
been facing have greatly impacted both
his personal and professional life in
addition to the financial losses and
legal consequences his reputation has
also taken a hit Dany has been the
target of criticism and outrage as a
result of the intense scrutiny his
public Persona has brought from the
media fans and the automotive Community
despite the legal issues Dany has
promised to make amends and move on but
that wasn't the end of his story in 2022
he shocked Everyone by leaving the show
he was famous for people wondered why he
left and they soon found out it was
because he was seriously ill he had
pneumonia which made it hard for him to
breathe and a nasty infection in his
heart it seemed like he would not make
it but Danny didn't give up he fought
hard and made it through it was a long
and challenging road to recovery but
Danny returned more vital than ever he
returned to his shop counts Customs
where he's the boss and Main mechanic
even though Danny is not on TV as much
anymore he is still the heart and soul
of counts Customs Danny puts his heart
into every car in the shop and his
passion shines through in his work but
Danny's talents don't end with his
Mastery of vehicles Koka known for his
love of music has returned to his roots
with his band counts 77 the band rocking
a 7s metal Vibe was formed about 10
years ago and is still going strong
koker's wife Corey also gets in on the
action by managing their bar counts
vamped rock bar in Las Vegas it seems
Koker enjoys balancing his passions for
music family and friends along with his
interest in cool vintage cars he's
living the Vegas life to the fullest
what are your thoughts on Danny koker's
car Restorations do you think the team
is renewing a season share your thoughts
in the comments section don't forget to
like share subscribe and click the
notification button for updates on new
videos