THE UNHOLY BRIDE OF SATAN | Stay Away From Women Like This
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdWUbRu4DIY
[Music]
there are two types of women in the
Bible there is The Godly woman the
Proverbs 31 Woman the Esther the Ruth
the Hannah kind of woman prayerful bold
wise God-fearing This Woman's Worth is
far above rubies and Pearls according to
the Bible and then there's the ungodly
woman that's who I would like to talk
about today there are three ungodly
women in the Bible that we should be
aware of but before we dive in let me
just say that the Bible gives us several
warnings concerning the evil influence
of ungodly women Proverbs 9: 13 in the
Amplified translation the Bible says the
foolish woman is restless and noisy she
is
naive and easily misled and Thoughtless
and knows nothing at all of Eternal
value Proverbs 21: 19 talks about an
ungodly woman saying it is better to
dwell in a desert land than with a
contentious and Troublesome woman the
ungodly woman is the one the Bible
speaks of in Proverbs BS
11: 22 and says as a ring of gold and a
swine's snout so is a beautiful woman
who is without discretion her lack of
character mocks her beauty the Bible is
very clear when differentiating a Godly
woman and an ungodly woman so let's take
a look at the identities of some of
these women the first woman we'll look
at is herodias Herod Antipas was married
to a woman named herodias but both of
them had been divorced and this was
something that John the Baptist objected
to John the Baptist publicly denounced
their marriage and labeled it as
adultery in Matthew 14 we read about how
John had previously rebuked Herod by
reminding him that it was unlawful for
him to be with herodias so Herod had him
put into prison for her sake now
herodias must not have enjoyed being
convicted of sin in fact she was angered
by John the Baptist and his rebukes so
she decided to take matters into her own
hands Matthew 14 verse 6 to8 says but
when herod's birthday came the daughter
of herodias danced before the company
and pleased Herod so that he promised
with an oath to give her whatever she
might ask prompted by her mother she
said give me the head of John the
Baptist here on a platter I want you to
notice how bitterness and anger had so
consumed herodias when her daughter
danced in front of Herod he promised to
give her whatever she would request
herodias took this as an opportunity to
take revenge on John persuading her
daughter to ask for John's head on a
platter her daughter did as she
requested and as a result John was
beheaded herodias was most certainly an
ungodly woman and her actions show her
to be an immoral bitter manipulative
woman John was a servant of God but that
didn't matter to her it's difficult to
comprehend that a disagreement or a word
of rebuke from someone else would
motivate a person to murder but this is
how bitterness works it causes that
person's heart to grow cold leading them
to become irrational in how they think
and behave herodias hated John so much
that it clouded her mind and allowed her
to take Extreme Measures in order to
satisfy her pride and self-importance
she wanted the life of a man of God
simply because he
disapproved of her actions and just look
at the evil influence of herodias not
only did she commit the sin of intending
to murder John she made her daughter
participate in the evil act she used her
relationship with her daughter to her
own Advantage influencing and
manipulating her to make an atrocious
request which would end the life of one
of the greatest prophets herodias is
actions are an example of how an ungodly
woman can use her position or power to
cause destruction however a Godly woman
influences those around her in a
positive way acting as
Peacemaker and leading people toward God
and the way of righteousness the second
case we'll look at is Delilah the story
of Samson and Delia is an interesting
story Samson was a man man who had
Supernatural strength but his downfall
came at the hands of Delilah Samson was
a man of immense physical strength
however his weakness was the beauty of
Delilah and before we take an even
closer look at Delilah I want you to
understand just how unique of an
individual Samson really was he was
uniquely gifted by God and did some
incredible incredible things the Bible
says he tore a lion apart with his bare
hands he defeated a thousand men with
the Jawbone of a donkey as his only
weapon so what was so special about
Delilah that she would bring down a man
who was so mightily anointed well my
friends let me tell you that Delilah was
bad yes but she wasn't the real cause of
Samson's downfall the real cause of
Samson's downfall was sin
Disobedience and lust and so the devil
simply took the opportunity that Samson
gave him and the enemy used Samson's
weakness to destroy him Delilah was
planted in Samson's Life by the devil
and don't get me wrong in this story
Samson is just as guilty as Delilah as
they both participated in sin however I
want to show you how the devil can bring
people into your life who appear to care
for you to love you but underneath the
surface they are seeking to destroy you
now the Amplified translation of the
Bible says in judges 16
4-6 after this he fell in love with a
Philistine woman woman living in the
valley of Sorak whose name was Delilah
so the five Lords governors of the
Philistines came to her and said to her
persuade him and see where his great
strength lies and find out how we may
overpower him so that we may bind him to
subdue him and each of us will give you
1,00 pieces of silver so
Delilah said to Samson please tell me
where your great strength lies and with
what you may be bound and subdued the
first problem is that Samson was a judge
who God appointed over Israel God had
often warned the Israelites against
marrying or having a relationship with
those outside the Israelite Community
often such women or men would lead
entire families astray Chasing After
idols or foreign Gods now Samson did not
guard his heart he was led by his eyes
instead of faith and so he fell in love
with someone he was never meant to fall
in love with he became yolked with
someone he was never meant to and from
the very beginning Delilah was already
looking to to gain at the expense of
Samson she was offered a great amount of
silver and because her heart wasn't pure
now now judges 16 9-12 says now she had
men lying in ambush in an inner room and
she said to him the Philistines are upon
you Samson and he broke the cords as a
string of toe breaks when it touches
fire so the SE of his strength was not
discovered then Delilah said to Samson
see now you have mocked me and told me
lies now please tell me truthfully how
you may be bound and he said to her if
they bind me tightly with new ropes that
have not been used then I will become
weak and be like any other man Samson
was having sexual relations with Delilah
so he was clearly L blinded by Delilah
he couldn't see red flags in front of
him three times Delilah asked Samson
about the source of his strength and
tested him and three times Samson failed
to see the devil in front of him Delilah
was a temptress and she was persistent
and I want you to notice the
manipulation from Delila In this passage
of scripture judges 161 15-17 says then
she said to him how can you say I love
you when your heart is not with me you
have mocked me these three times and
have not told me where your great
strength Lies when she pressured him day
after day with her words and pleaded
with him he was annoyed to death then
finally he told her everything that was
in his heart and said to her a razor has
never been used on my head for I have
been a Nazarite to God from my mother's
womb if I am shaved then my strength
will leave me and I will become weak and
be like any other man and ultimately
Samson gives in to Delilah and loses his
anointing now a few lessons worth noting
are not everyone who says they are for
you is actually for you just as the Lord
can send people into your life to
encourage you to uplift you and help you
the third case we'll look at is a woman
who's notorious when it comes to being
ungodly this woman is Jezebel and here's
a quick rundown of her background she
was married to King Ahab she had an
incredible Wicked influence over her
husband Ahab she was a pagan woman who
worshiped multiple false Gods which
include ba and Azera she once
purposefully tried to kill the prophets
of the god of Israel because of greed
she took the life of a man named nabbo
because she wanted his land she had
close to 1,000 false prophets who ate at
her table but I want to highlight her
characteristics people often associate
the spirit of Jezebel with sex and
seduction and
promiscuity but I believe these are just
some of the fruits of the spirit at the
core of Jezebel at the core of this
wicked spirit is control it's a
controlling manipulative spirit and it
takes people captive one of Jezebel's
most obvious traits was her controlling
nature we can see this from the way that
she controlled her husband and also her
nation's religious views she wanted to
use her power to advance her own agendas
and did so without any regard for those
around her a Jezebel spirit a menacing
spirit that seeks to dominate and
control another person another
characteristic of that Jezebel spirit is
how it seeks to control or rule by fear
Jezebel instilled fear into the hearts
of people especially by murdering anyone
who stood in her way she threatened to
murder Elijah and this caused him to be
afraid and run away from her only Satan
uses fear Paul tells us in second
Timothy chapter 1 verse 7 for God has
not given us a spirit of fear but of
power and of love and of a sound mind
that's how you tell if a spirit is not
God whenever a spirit tries to frighten
Us in order to control us that spirit is
not of God the last important
characteristic of Jezebel was her
disregard for and her hatred of
authority in her mind she had all the
authority as Queen and didn't care for
Elijah the prophet or any of God's
people she didn't listen to him or
repent of her way
after he proved God's power and
sovereignty she also taunted juu the
military commander of Israel's Army
right before he ordered her servants to
throw her out this spirit is also
evident in our day as some people want
to chase after their own selfish gain
having no regard for order or hierarchy
and so what are we to make of these
three cases we've just looked at
Proverbs
31:30 says charm and grace are deceptive
and superficial beauty is vain but a
woman who fears the Lord reverently
worshiping obeying serving and trusting
him with all filled respect she shall be
praised those first five words should
really Hammer home charm and Grace
are deceptive being pretty going to
church every Sunday does not make a
Godly woman the photos you post in your
Sunday best outfit that's not what makes
you a Godly woman the Bible says a woman
who fears the Lord reverently worshiping
obeying serving and trusting him with
all filled respect that's
a Godly woman and when you look at what
influence really means it's the capacity
or power to be a compelling Force
influence affects the actions Behavior
opinions of others God used Esther and
she became a powerful woman of wisdom
and influence she was used by the Lord
to save his people and on the opposite
opposite side of things Jezebel was used
by the devil to try and hinder God's
work through Elisha she too was a woman
of influence but not the kind of
influence that you should ever desire to
have