Chosen Ones, Why You Always Attract Damaged People
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRGXiddKNlQ
have you ever wondered why you seem to
be a magnet for people who are
struggling do you find yourself
constantly trying to fix or help people
in your life you radiate a profound
spiritual presence an almost tangible
aura that draws in those burdened with
emotional and spiritual wounds your
energy naturally serves as a sanctuary
providing a BAL to The Frayed Souls who
instinctively seek Solace and strength
in your
presence the first reason your presence
is so impactful stems from the unique
quality of your energy it resonates at a
higher more healing frequency compared
to the average person this isn't just an
abstract concept it's a palpable force a
vibration that others can feel
consciously or subconsciously when they
enter your sphere your energy is not
just part of you it defines the space
around you influencing those who come
into contact with it in profound ways
your Energy's healing quality means that
you don't just occupy space you
transform it this transformation is
vital for those burdened with emotional
scars and spiritual wounds like a
lighthouse guiding ships through stormy
seas your energy acts as a Beacon of
Hope and healing for individuals mired
in emotional turmoil your presence can
feel like a sanctuary a place where the
chaotic frequencies that dominate their
lives are calmed and harmonized by your
own consider how this plays out in
everyday interactions when you walk into
a room you might notice how people are
drawn to you they might not even
understand why they feel compelled to be
near you or to share their troubles with
you it's as if their inner turmoil has a
radar for detecting the healing Vibes
you emit for example at a social
Gathering you might find that
individuals you've never met before open
up to you about personal struggles as if
they instinctively know that you can
offer them the Comfort or guidance they
desperately need this magnetic pull is
also evident in how people react to your
advice or presence you might find that
your words soothe anxieties or that your
mere presence seems to alleviate
someone's stress this is not
coincidental it's the result of your
high vibrational energy interacting with
their own elevating and stabilizing
their emotions the healing potential of
your energy is significant not just in
calming but in catalyzing change in
others helping them to heal from within
and adjust their own frequencies towards
a more balanced
State therefore as you navigate your
interactions remember the power of your
energy embrace the role of a Healer that
you naturally embody your ability to
resonate at a higher frequency is a gift
not just for you but for those around
you it offers a rare opportunity to
touch lives on a fundamental level
transforming not just moments but the
very courses of lives you intersect with
this unique energy is your signature in
the world a profound Legacy of healing
and hope that you leave in your wake
wherever you go the second reason you
stand apart as a chosen healer is rooted
deeply in your unparalleled
empathy this is not the everyday empathy
that nods along to the Troubles of
others yours is a profound almost
psychic empathy that feels and
understands the pain of others as if it
were your own this intense ability
transforms you into an unwilling
confidant a sanctuary for those who
carry hidden burdens your empathic
abilities mean that you do more than
listen you absorb when someone is in
pain you don't just hear their words you
feel their emotions as intensely as they
do this deep connection to the emotional
states of others is both a gift and a
heavy
responsibility it allows you to reach
into the heart of their troubles
offering insights and solutions that are
deeply attuned to their
needs however it also means you often
carry the weight of others emotional
worlds even when you might prefer to
step back consider a typical interaction
in your daily life you might meet
someone for the first time perhaps a new
colleague or a casual acquaintance at a
social
event as the conversation unfolds they
begin to share more than just
superficial details about their life
before you know it they confide in you
about a recent breakup a family crisis
or even deep-seated fears in aspirations
that they have not voiced to anyone else
this happens not because you ask probing
questions but because your aura of
empathy draws these confessions out
people sense your empathetic capacity
they feel safe in the warmth of your
understanding and unjudged in the
presence of your
compassion this level of empathy does
more than Forge connections it can
actively heal the person sharing their
pain might find themselves feeling
lighter or almost as if the act of
sharing with you has begun to ease their
burdens they leave the conversation
feeling seen and heard perhaps for the
first time in a long while for you these
interactions are common but for them it
might be a moment of significant
emotional relief or Clarity remember the
power of your empathy it's a beacon that
draws the troubled and the suffering to
you accept this role with awareness and
care for your own emotional well-being
while you have the incredible ability to
ease the Pains of others ensure that you
also set boundaries to protect your own
emotional space engage in practices that
cleanse and rejuvenate your spirit
allowing you to continue your role as a
confidant without becoming overwhelmed
by the emotional weight you so often
carry in this way your deep empathy is
not just a personal trait but a profound
service you offer to the world one heart
at a time it's a vital part of why you
are viewed as a chosen Chen one capable
of healing not just through actions or
words but through the sheer power of
your understanding and emotional
connection the third reason your role as
a Healer is both a gift and a burden
comes from the unintended consequences
of your healing
abilities while your presence brings
Solace and understanding it also creates
a dependency that can be
overwhelming people begin to lean on you
not just for casual support but as their
primary source of comfort and guidance
this Reliance while a testament to your
efficacy as a Healer places a
significant Demand on your emotional
reserves daily interactions often evolve
into sessions where people seek not just
your advice but your emotional bandwidth
at family gatherings social events or
even casual meetups you find yourself
surrounded by individuals drawn to the
Solace you provide they come burdened
with their worries hoping to offload
some of their distress onto you while
it's a role you fulfill with Grace
the cumulative effect is
exhausting over time the constant
emotional support you render can deplete
your own energies leaving you to find
your solace in rare moments of
solitude this Dynamic is reminiscent of
the mythological story of Chiron the
wounded healer from Greek
mythology Chiron despite being Immortal
suffered an incurable wound from a
poisoned Arrow his pain was constant yet
it did not stop him from from becoming
one of the greatest healers and mentors
to many Greek Heroes chiron's wisdom and
skills were unparalleled and his
teachings nurtured the likes of Achilles
and
asclepius however his personal torment
was a stark contrast to the relief he
provided others encapsulating the
ultimate Paradox of healing suffering
within while alleviating the suffering
of others chiron's story reflects the
Deep complexities of being a Healer it
highlights not just the capacity to heal
others but the often overlooked pain
that healers carry themselves your life
much like Kiron is filled with moments
where your own needs are overshadowed by
the needs of others your ability to feel
deeply for others which is your greatest
strength also becomes a source of your
deepest exhaustion thus as you continue
to navigate this path it becomes crucial
to manage the balance between helping
others and healing yourself
establish boundaries that allow you to
conserve your energy and find time for
self-care engage in practices that
replenish your spirit and enable you to
retreat and heal from the demands of
your role remember the story of Chiron
teaches us that healers must find ways
to heal themselves welcoming both the
gift and the burden of their abilities
in embracing your role as a Healer
always be mindful of maintaining your
well-being amidst the demands of those
you help like Kiron on your journey is
one of profound impact and personal
challenge a path of immense giving and
necessary
[Music]
self-guiding gift is the potential
misuse of your good nature your inherent
capacity to uplift and heal can
regrettably make you a target for those
who seek not genuine growth but a quick
alleviation of their burdens this misuse
transforms you from a Healer into an
unwitting jumper cable used to jump
start others without consideration for
your
well-being in your everyday life you may
encounter individuals who are drawn to
the comfort and energy you provide they
come to you in times of Crisis seeking
immediate relief from their
distress while it is part of your nature
to offer support these interactions
often leave you feeling drained as these
individuals repeatedly draw on your
energy without engaging in their own
journey of healing they see you as a
quick fix a temporary Solace from their
their troubles rather than committing to
the deeper more demanding process of
personal growth and healing recognizing
these energy drainers is crucial for
your emotional and spiritual health
these individuals can be identified by
their pattern of interaction with you
they reach out during times of need but
offer little reciprocity or commitment
to True change their crises though
seemingly urgent are often
self-perpetuating Cycles from which they
have no real intention of escaping your
interactions leave you depleted because
they are one-sided they take from your
emotional reserves without replenishing
or respecting them the challenge then is
to distance yourself from such Dynamics
it is essential to set firm boundaries
that protect your energy this might
involve having Frank conversations about
the nature of support you can offer
emphasizing the need for their active
participation in their healing process
it might also mean limiting your
availability to those who repeatedly
misuse your generosity focusing instead
on relationships that are reciprocal and
genuinely growth oriented in addition to
setting boundaries it's important to
cultivate a network of support for
yourself a community that replenishes
your energy and values your well-being
as much as you value
theirs engage in self-care practices
that help you recharge such as
meditation spending time in nature or
whatever fills you with peace and energy
remember being a Healer does not
obligate you to carry others emotional
burdens at the expense of your
health as you continue to offer your
gifts to the world do so with the wisdom
to protect your space and energy
recognize the signs of misuse and take
steps to prevent it your role as a
Healer is invaluable but it should not
come at the cost of your own health and
happiness by guarding against those who
would use your good nature for temporary
relief you Ensure sure that your energy
is reserved for those truly committed to
healing and that you remain strong and
fulfilled in your vital role the fifth
reason you must tread with awareness and
Care in your role as a Healer is the
Paramount importance of valuing yourself
placing a premium on your own time
energy and overall
well-being recognizing your worth is not
an act of selfishness but a critical
practice of self-preservation that
ensures you can continue to serve others
without without depleting your own
reserves in your daily life the practice
of valuing yourself can be as simple as
saying no a powerful word that guards
your boundaries and asserts your
self-respect consider those moments when
requests for your help pile up each one
pulling at your energies tugging at the
seams of your capabilities it might be a
friend asking for support through an
emotional crisis a family member needing
help with a project or a colleague
seeking your expertise on their latest
assignment
while your instinct may be to say yes to
Dive Into The Fray and offer your
healing presence as a salve it's crucial
to pause and assess Your Capacity to
help without harming yourself saying no
is an affirmation of your self-worth it
is recognizing that your resources are
not infinite and that you are not
obliged to stretch yourself thin for the
sake of others when you choose to
decline a request because you feel
overwhelmed or because it comes at a
time when your own energy levels are low
you are not being unkind you are being
wise and
self-respect this might look like
explaining to your friend that while you
care deeply about their issues you need
to care for your own well-being at that
moment or telling a colleague that you
need to prioritize your own workload and
cannot contribute to theirs right now
moreover emphasizing self-care practices
is crucial these practices whether they
involve meditation exercise reading or
simply spending quiet time in nature are
not luxuries they are Necessities that
replenish your energy and enhance your
ability to serve others they help
maintain a reservoir of strength and
peace that you can draw from in times of
need both yours and those of others
always remember the importance of
valuing yourself make self-care a
priority not an afterthought recognize
that by protecting and valuing your own
time and energy you are not only
preserving your health but also
enhancing your Capac capacity to be
present and effective for those who rely
on your strength your self-worth is the
foundation upon which your ability to
help others rests nurture it honor it
and defend it
fiercely the sixth reason in navigating
your role as a Healer hinges on the
essential shift from enabling to
empowering true healing involves
teaching rather than merely giving
fostering Independence instead of
fostering Reliance this transition is
crucial not only for the sustainability
of those you help but for preserving
your own emotional and mental well-being
you with your profound capacity to feel
and heal often find yourself surrounded
by individuals who lean heavily on your
strength they come to you burdened
seeking Solace and solutions while it is
in your nature to extend support the
ultimate goal is to empower them to
guide them toward discovering their own
resilience and
capabilities this shift from being an
everpresent crutch to becoming a guide
in their Journey journey of self-healing
is what prevents dependency and
encourages genuine lasting
recovery consider a typical scenario
where a friend faces recurring issues
that drain their emotional
well-being initially Your Instinct might
be to dive into the depths of their
distress providing Solutions and
alleviating their
pain however to truly Empower them your
approach must evolve instead of offering
answers start by asking questions
questions that prompt them to reflect on
their situation and identify their
feelings and potential Solutions
encourage them to articulate their
thoughts and explore their emotions
which Fosters a deeper understanding of
themselves and their
circumstances there are times when
professional intervention is necessary
recognizing the limitations of your
support is vital you are a Healer not a
therapist guiding someone to seek
professional help when their needs
exceed what you you can provide is a
profound Act of empowerment it shows
them a pathway to Healing that is both
professional and tailored to their
specific needs reinforcing the idea that
seeking help is a strength not a
weakness additionally teach them
self-care practices and coping
strategies whether it's meditation
journaling or engaging in physical
activities these tools can help them
build resilience and manage their
emotional states more effectively by
doing so you equip them with the means
to handle their struggles with more
autonomy in your daily interactions
remember that your goal is to empower
not just to support each conversation
each moment of guidance should aim to
strengthen their ability to stand
alone this not only helps them in the
long run but also ensures that you are
not overwhelmed by the constant Demand
on your energies the seventh reason to
recalibrate your approach to
relationships is the crucial importance
of nurturing genuine connections that
are mutually sustaining it is not enough
to merely give you must also receive in
every exchange there must be equilibrium
where support flows both ways ensuring
that your generosity does not become
your
undoing this balance is essential not
only for your well-being but for the
health of the relationship itself in
your interactions whether they are
platonic familial or romantic you might
often find yourself in the role of The
Giver the one who comforts and
provides however if these relationships
lack reciprocity they can leave you
feeling drained and unvalued to prevent
this you must seek out and cultivate
relationships that not only draw on your
strengths but also Empower you in
return this means engaging with
individuals who appreciate your depth
understand your needs and are eager to
contribute positively to your life these
are the connections that do not merely
take but give back enriching your life
as much as you enrich
theirs reflecting on the mythological
story of Prometheus highlights The
Perils of unbalanced
generosity Prometheus the Titan known
for his wisdom and foresight made the
ultimate sacrifice for Humanity by
stealing fire from the gods to give to
man granting them the power of heat and
light his intentions were Noble driven
by a deep-seated desire to help mankind
advance and
flourish however despite his foresight
Prometheus could not foresee the grave
consequences his actions would bring
upon himself for his transgression
Prometheus was subjected to a severe
punishment he was chained to a rock
where each day an eagle would Feast on
his liver which would then regenerate
overnight only to be consumed again the
next day this endless cycle of pain and
regeneration is a stark reminder of the
dangers of giving too much without
safeguards or balance his suffer
suffering underscores the need for
boundaries and reciprocity in all acts
of giving thus as you manage your own
relationships remember the lesson of
Prometheus seek to build connections
that are truly reciprocal where your
generosity and Care are met with equal
measures of appreciation and support be
mindful of your own needs and ensure
that your relationships are not
one-sided emphasize the importance of
balance in your connections encouraging
a healthy exchange of energy support and
affection this approach will not only
Safeguard your well-being but will also
create a more fulfilling and sustainable
network of relationships in this way you
honor both your needs and those of
others creating a dynamic of mutual
respect and care that benefits everyone
involved the path you walk is
illuminated By the Light you cast for
others yet shadowed by the burdens you
often
carry this dual-edged sword reflects
your profound role in healing and
guiding those around you you who are
emotionally or spiritually wounded your
presence is a sanctuary for those in
turmoil a Beacon of Hope and healing for
those lost in their own
Darkness yet as you navigate this Noble
Path it is imperative that you wield
this power with wisdom and maintain a
balance that preserves your own
well-being your deep empathy and healing
energies while invaluable can sometimes
draw you into the depths of others
despair each interaction each moment of
comfort you provide can be both
fulfilling and
draining remember the very light you
offer can only shine as long as you have
the strength to sustain it it is
therefore essential to cultivate
practices and boundaries that protect
and replenish your spirit engage in
self-care routines that anchor you seek
relationships that nurture you and allow
yourself periods of rest and Solitude
that restore you furthermore as you
continue to accept your role consider
the power of balanced giving
just as Prometheus suffered from his
boundless generosity let his story
remind you of the need for reciprocity
in your relationships strive to connect
with those who not only seek your light
but are also willing to share their own
this reciprocal exchange of energy will
ensure that your role as a Healer does
not come at the expense of your own
health and
happiness as you reflect on your
experiences and the lessons you have
learned in your role as a chosen one I
encourage you to share your stories your
insights and Journeys can greatly
benefit others who might be struggling
with similar challenges providing them
with guidance and reassurance in sharing
you not only enrich others but also
strengthen your own understanding and
commitment to this delicate balance of
giving and receiving Embrace Your Role
wisely dear Chosen One Let Your Light
heal not just others but also yourself
as you walk this path do so with the
awareness that your greatest strength
lies not only in in the light you give
but also in the shadows you acknowledge
and manage in doing so you ensure that
your journey remains one of Hope healing
and personal integrity