Midpage Tutorial
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=3X8Cxn3FHrk
hey I'm James I'm a former litigator I'm
going to walk you through how to get
started on Mid page we're going to go
through a concrete example just to
orient yourself here on the left on the
bottom here you can manage your account
settings and with this button you can
navigate through your research history
for different research sessions I'm
going to go ahead and start a fresh one
for this
tutorial so the first thing I'm going to
do is click on this new issue icon here
and I'm going to edit the title to be
non-compete
research and I'm going to enter in a few
material facts um I don't have to give
away anything confidential if you're
worried about that um we don't store any
of your data anyway but you can keep it
as broad as you
want so in this specific example uh I'm
filing a preliminary injunction to
prevent my client's former employee from
working at a competitor and I've just
listed out four key terms from the
non-compete agreement that he had
signed and I'm going to fill out the
motion type here
preliminary
injunction my desired outcome is granted
since I'm filing it and that will
automatically save so now that I've
saved some background facts I can enter
in a
search I could use Boolean operators
which if you've used Lexus or Westlaw
case text um you might be familiar with
I'm sure you are there's a list of them
here but you can also just search like
you would on Google with key terms so
let's just do a simple search
non-compete preliminary
injunction and let's set our
jurisdiction to the second Circuit Court
of Appeals edny and
sdny and that will load
automatically um another thing I can do
to
more narrowly tailor my search results
is click this button and by clicking
this button I'm also going to be running
a search for things that are responsive
to the facts that I've entered here so
let's go ahead and click
that so let's walk through what you can
do on any given search result in mid
page obviously you get the responsive
snippet um nothing new there but you can
click this outcome drop down and what
this will give you is an AI generated
summary of the case so you have the
procedural posture and the outcome you
can click here for more detailed summary
if you would like that it will list
facts issue Holdings um you can also
click on the compare facts feature and
once you've entered in facts here it
will take these and compare them to the
facts in this case so let's run through
that first we'll get a list of similar
arities um and every similarity will be
linked to a source quote which is
hyperlink and clicking on it will
automatically take me to that
section you will also
get a list of
distinctions so for example Geographic
scope in your case is anywhere in the
United States which is signific broader
than the 10 m radius applied in the
provided case in Golden Crust
here so if you bring your attention to
the right hand side of any search result
you can see when you last saw this case
so I just opened this case so it says
just now but down here on this case you
can see that I've seen this case two
minutes ago um which is a helpful way to
keep track of things you've seen and
when you saw them um if a case is not
relevant to you you can always hide it
it won't remove it from the search
completely um but anytime this shows up
as a search result in this case it will
be sort of automatically collapsed so
you can sort of check off what you've
deemed to be you know not noteworthy or
things you just want to hide from your
case or from your search results but I'm
going to unhide that one um and then
this Green Dot here indicates that we've
predicted that this is likely to be a
favorable case for me um and we've done
that because we've detected that this
Golden Crust Patty's case is a
preliminary injunction case the outcome
of that motion was that it was granted
here's a little analysis of why we think
that it's going to be favorable um and
you can always override the favorability
so let's just set that as favorable so
now that will always be there so one
feature that people really love is this
questions feature
this is a place where you can enter in
sort of your checklist of questions that
you need to know about every single case
you can just enter them in once and then
I'll show you how you can quickly
extract answers from every search result
this is helpful
because normally we'd keep these things
in our head as we're reading cases which
is obviously not ideal so let's just say
what was the geographic
region by the non compete
and
when did
the what was the relationship
between I've entered some questions here
and now anytime that I'm looking at a
search result I can just immediately
dive into that specific question and
generate an
answer and again we always give you the
relevant supporting quotes which will be
hyperlink so this is a great way to skim
results and really isolate the the
really important parts of the decisions
before before even having to open them
so in this case it was a franchise or
franchisee relationship I'm talking
about an employee employer relationship
in my case but this case is still
probably helpful and worth reading in
detail so I'm going to add it to my
notebook um and let's just go through
this
exercise for a couple more
cases okay so this is an employee
employer here we didn't find an answer
this was a motion to dismiss um so could
be irrelevant to my case let's just set
it as IR relevant for now and let's also
hide
that also take a look at this case here
so denying a motion for preliminary
injunction it's likely to be unfavorable
I'm just going to override that so it's
set and let's also do a quick quick fact
comparison so I already learn okay this
is about Massachusetts law my Cas
is in New York and let's just assume the
New York law
applies um but I'm going to want to add
this to my notebook so I can come back
to it and give it a more thorough
read in the notebook tab you view all of
the cases that you've saved to this
particular research session you can dive
into them with this link and again we
open the split screen view you have the
read tab on the left Notebook on the
right you can
always click out of one if you
want and normally if I were using a
different research platform what I would
be doing is I would copy relevant
excerpts and save them into a random
word document um that's not a great way
to keep organized notes so instead with
mid page you can just highlight whatever
excerpt is relevant just selecting one
randomly here and add it to your
notebook and now it will be saved here
you'll notice that links to other cases
are highlighted in Gray and the reason
we do this is because you can hover on
these cases so instead of having to open
up all of these cases in new tabs um you
can just hover get a quick summary of
the case affirming lower course denial
so that's actually bad for me I'm going
to want to review that I can add it to
my notebook here and I can also just
dive into the relevant section of this
case that supports whatever proposition
is being discussed in Golden
Crust so let me just add a couple more
cases and now I'm just going to
add one or two more excerpts maybe I
want to go
into one the other cases let's just add
some
more
chunks so now that I've sort of
populated my notebook with with relevant
excerpts like this I can easily export
this to a nicely formatted Word document
just by clicking export let's just save
this
here and if I ever want to switch
between my matters jump to a different
one I can always do that from from this
navigation
panel